---
layout: post
tags: []
categories: []
#date: 2019-06-25 13:14:15
#excerpt: ''
#image: 'BASEURL/assets/blog/img/.png'
#description:
#permalink:
title: 'title'
---


I got logged out of Snapchat today on my rooted phone so my 500 day streak is gone. There is a safety net check in order to make sure no special rooted apps are used to tamper with and save snaps. 

While trying to unroot my phone and then rerooting, Supersu overwrote the recovery improperly, corrupting my bootloader I guess. 

I logged into Snapchat online and asked for data export. 

Thankfully no data loss but exporting 5000 snapchat memories is going to be a hassle. It's not in a zip, you have to download each memory individually and being on a chromebook means there's not enough storage for all of those files. 

I had to uninstall my crouton setup to get whatsapp working on my chromebook while my phone was stuck at "Recovery is not set to SELinux Enforcing". Using a Google voice number meant a dead phone doesn't mean I am unreachable or that 2 factor auth is dead. 

Then I had to reinstall cli only crouton because I found a version of odin that works on linux. Then I had to redownload and install twrp through odin. The phone booted up properly. Then in order to get Viper4android working (which is the only thing I care about having root for), I had to flash supersu, then reenable xposed.

I got Snapchat working on my chromebook and it confirmed to me that I was locked out.

The process used to be that you log in to Snapchat on an unrooted and clean device, then root and use Titanium Backup to save a backup so you can restore in case you get logged out, since TB saves the token. But I wasn't working with a clean install, it probably detected file modifications due to xposed and root. And testing login over and over risks a permanent ban.


Goodbye Snapchat and goodbye 507 day streak. 
