---
layout: post
tags: []
categories: []
#date: 2019-06-25 13:14:15
#excerpt: ''
#image: 'BASEURL/assets/blog/img/.png'
#description:
#permalink:
title: 'title'
---


I think benzos help with adhd in a way. Adhd can be high anxiety or lower anxiety. I think benzos make the actual focusing harder but it also does break the cycle of anxiety and adhd feeding into each other. The cognitive impairment of benzos make adhd more difficult to manage of course. But other symptoms like racing thoughts, jaw clenching, repetitive motions seem to be resolved. 

This is a simple theory, I have 3 years of undergraduate bio science and one class missing for a minor in psychology. But then I switched majors to CS and finished that in 2. I took neuropsychology and physiological psychology along with 1 200level neuroscience class along with the basics for premed, Gen Physics, Gen Bio, Gen Chem, Genetics. And after switching to CS, I took a neuro inspired computing, which is a grad level cross listed CS course and I have research and do work at the Computational Brain lab at Rutgers. I went deeper into neuro anatomy and receptors and read peer reviewed papers on the physiological aspect of adhd. 

BUT

I have not gone to medical school and this is not a theory from someone with a professional health care  background. It's just a theory based on personal experience because I have adhd and anxiety. And a strong foundation in research driven system analysis. Where these hypothesis treat the brain as an oversimplified set of pathways where certain neurotransmitters affect receptors in a simplistic and ideal model. It's like making theories based on the ideal gas law about gas behavior and ignoring the true particle interactions and other physics effects. But this isn't a theory worth worth deep scrutiny. It's just an observation and the theory I have put together. 
